CONTRIBUTING.md, before:

# Contributing to Solvio
We love your input! We want to make contributing to this project as easy and transparent as possible, whether it's:

- Reporting a bug
- Discussing the current state of the code
- Submitting a fix
- Proposing new features

## We Develop with Github
We use github to host code, to track issues and feature requests, as well as accept pull requests.

## We Use [Github Flow](https://guides.github.com/introduction/flow/index.html), So All Code Changes Happen Through Pull Requests
Pull requests are the best way to propose changes to the codebase (we use [Github Flow](https://guides.github.com/introduction/flow/index.html)). We actively welcome your pull requests:

1. Fork the repo and create your branch from `master`.
2. If you've added code that should be tested, add tests.
3. If you've changed APIs, update the documentation and API Schema definitions.
4. Ensure the test suite passes.
5. Make sure your code lints (with cargo).
6. Issue that pull request!

## Any contributions you make will be under the Apache License 2.0
In short, when you submit code changes, your submissions are understood to be under the same [Apache License 2.0](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/apache-2.0/) that covers the project. Feel free to contact the maintainers if that's a concern.

## Report bugs using Github's [issues](https://github.com/solvio/solvio/issues)
We use GitHub issues to track public bugs. Report a bug by [opening a new issue](); it's that easy!

## Write bug reports with detail, background, and sample code

**Great Bug Reports** tend to have:

- A quick summary and/or background
- Steps to reproduce
  - Be specific!
  - Give sample code if you can.
- What you expected would happen
- What actually happens
- Notes (possibly including why you think this might be happening, or stuff you tried that didn't work)

## Use a Consistent Coding Style

If you are modifying Rust code, make sure it have no warnings from Cargo and follow [Rust code style](https://doc.rust-lang.org/1.0.0/style/)

## License
By contributing, you agree that your contributions will be licensed under its Apache License 2.0.

Commit message:

Applied and enforced rust fmt code formatting tool (#48)
* Apply cargo fmt command

* Enabled cargo fmt on build

CONTRIBUTING.md, after:

# Contributing to Solvio
We love your input! We want to make contributing to this project as easy and transparent as possible, whether it's:

- Reporting a bug
- Discussing the current state of the code
- Submitting a fix
- Proposing new features

## We Develop with Github
We use github to host code, to track issues and feature requests, as well as accept pull requests.

## We Use [Github Flow](https://guides.github.com/introduction/flow/index.html), So All Code Changes Happen Through Pull Requests
Pull requests are the best way to propose changes to the codebase (we use [Github Flow](https://guides.github.com/introduction/flow/index.html)). We actively welcome your pull requests:

1. Fork the repo and create your branch from `master`.
2. If you've added code that should be tested, add tests.
3. If you've changed APIs, update the documentation and API Schema definitions.
4. Ensure the test suite passes.
5. Make sure your code lints (with cargo).
6. Issue that pull request!

## Any contributions you make will be under the Apache License 2.0
In short, when you submit code changes, your submissions are understood to be under the same [Apache License 2.0](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/apache-2.0/) that covers the project. Feel free to contact the maintainers if that's a concern.

## Report bugs using Github's [issues](https://github.com/solvio/solvio/issues)
We use GitHub issues to track public bugs. Report a bug by [opening a new issue](); it's that easy!

## Write bug reports with detail, background, and sample code

**Great Bug Reports** tend to have:

- A quick summary and/or background
- Steps to reproduce
  - Be specific!
  - Give sample code if you can.
- What you expected would happen
- What actually happens
- Notes (possibly including why you think this might be happening, or stuff you tried that didn't work)

## Use a Consistent Coding Style

If you are modifying Rust code, make sure it has no warnings from Cargo and follow [Rust code style](https://doc.rust-lang.org/1.0.0/style/).
The project uses [rustfmt](https://github.com/rust-lang/rustfmt) formatter. Please ensure to run it using the 
```cargo fmt``` command.

## License
By contributing, you agree that your contributions will be licensed under its Apache License 2.0.
